Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Fuego del Culo.
Girl. if it itches. it's crabs.
("SHAPESHIFT"
BY HAVEMORALS PLAYS)
♪ I switched the game
No time for playing ♪
♪ I'm redefined ♪
♪ Now I'ma transform ♪
♪ Right in front
Of all your eyes ♪
♪ I shapeshift ♪
Hey. girl. You want
some brown liquor?
Brown liquor don't
make this pussy pop.
Tequila it is.
Here you go. Mm.
! Viva la revolución!
Now. that shit right there make
my pussy pop on a handstand!
So. what are you
doing here anyway?
What do you think
I'm doing here?
I'm starring in the
opening scene.
Been there. done that.
Pick up the phone!
Pick up the pho...
Richie? Teyana. Hi.
I thought it'd be
easier for the audience
if they didn't have
to read more texts.
Yeah. that makes sense. 'Cause you
know these motherfuckers can't read.
I know who goes to see
a Wayans Brothers movie.
Well. it's nice to
phone-meet you
in this super awkward way.
Likewise. But I
got to be honest.
When I seen your profile
pic. a bitch almost swiped left
because you look mad goofy.
But surprisingly.
you know them goofy niggas
got big dicks. so here we are.
I take you for a Jersey girl.
A Jersey girl?
Listen. I love Jersey down.
But I'm a Harlem girl. Born
and motherfucking raised.
Real niggas only. Yeah.
Oh. so you're Black.
No. motherfucker!
I'm BLACK!
All caps.
No cap. but caps.
Fuck all y'all!
Bitch. spit them
pearls back out.
I ain't want your shit.
Hello. So tell me.
what's your favorite
scary movie?
Mm... I don't really
do them. you know.
All the stupid tropes and shit.
Why is it always the
white bitch at the end?
Because they know it
is too hard to kill a sista.
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
Cause if the sista can survive
government cheese.
we can survive anything.
You know. it might help
if you met me outside.
Met you outside?
Boy. you is needy!
What's your sign?
You must be a Scorpio.
How'd you know?
Good dick though.
But toxic as hell.
Hey. is the restaurant
near an alley?
Yes. hurry before
they rob your ass.
Roses? Ah! Not today.
Cheap bitch. Heard you. ho.
Okay. I'm... I'm coming
down the alley now.
I'm here. Can you
see me? I'm waving.
No.
The person I'm
looking at is not waving.
In fact. they're
just staring at me.
Well. stare at his ass back!
And don't blink. Never blink.
You got to scrunch your
lips and be like. "What?"
No. they're walking
towards me now.
Hold on. Oh no.
they have a knife!
Well. don't lead
his ass over here.
And that's not the worst part.
The worst part is
you know so much
about horror movies
and yet you still
walked into the alley alone.
Yeah. well the worst part is.
you fucking with a
New York bitch. Cuckoo!
Yeah!
Cuckoo. cuckoo!
Cuckoo!
Damn! She's on
some Avengers shit!
Seriously. Larry?
I ain't recognize
your bird call.
Thought you was
going more with a...
That's a pigeon. nigga!
Supposed to be. "Cuckoo!"
Cuckoo! A hawk
swooping in an attack!
My bad.
Are you done?
What the hell?
Bitch. I'm Teyana
Taylor. My abs got abs.
Get him!
Ow! My arm! My arm!
Get in there!
Come on. guys.
we can work this out.
Somebody help me!
Do it. Larry!
No. no. no...
Hi-yah!
Ow! Oh. God!
All right. all right.
all right. all right!
We out. Get your
hardheaded ass on.
Welcome to New York. sucker!
Hey. Teyana.
You might have kicked my ass.
but you still didn't
win that Oscar.
What you say about my Oscar?
Did I stutter? You lost!
You right.
But I won that
Golden Globe. bitch.
Oh. my God! Really?
That's why I never
watched Horror Movie.
It's fucking terrible.
Just a bunch of celebrity
cameos and fart gags.
So. you don't like parodies?
I'm more into Judd Apatow films.
You know. elevated comedy.
And what is elevated comedy?
Mm.
The kind that doesn't
actually make anyone laugh.
but makes white
people feel smart.
Tuesday. don't answer that!
It could be Ghostface.
Oh. come on. Elle!
Stuff like that only
happens in the movies.
Oh. hey.
I wasn't expecting
you to answer the door.
What the fuck? Now
where is my knife?
Ah. here it is.
Hello. Tuesday.
("MESSY" BY REDD. PLAYS)
♪ I really wanna get messy ♪
♪ Don't care what I'm doing
Next week ♪
♪ You really don't wanna
Test me ♪
♪ Just pass the drinks
And get sexy ♪
♪ Get messy
Baby. get messy ♪
Hey. miss.
What'd you take?
Just Ritalin for my ADHD.
Adderall for PTSD.
A couple of Xanax
for my anxiety.
And your boner pills.
So good luck getting it up now.
Jesus. Sara. how
many did you take?
I don't know. How
many come in a bottle?
Hey. Jess. Sara.
Tuesday's in the hospital.
She was stabbed. By a
killer... you know. Ghostface.
Wait. From Wu-Tang?
Why would Ghostface
Killah aka Pretty Toney
aka Starky Love
want to stab my sister?
God. Sara. it wasn't
Ghostface Killah.
It was somebody
in a Ghostface mask.
Oh!
Okay. that makes more sense.
Hah!
I ain't the one!
Oh!
Jesus. Jack!
What?
I was thinking about
wearing this for Halloween.
My estranged
flat-chested half-sister
was nearly killed by a
psycho in a ghost mask.
I got to go see her and
make up for the past.
Whoa... Hey. hey. hey.
I'm going with you.
Not because I'm
the obvious killer
trying to lure you
back to your hometown.
I'm just the
supportive boyfriend.
Yeah. That's all.
Okay. let's go. Get in the car.
Listen. we just have to
make one stop on the way.
I survived.
All thanks to my lucky penny.
("HOES" BY LIZZO PLAYS)
♪ The world would be
Boring as fuck ♪
♪ Without big booty
Real hoochie mamas like me ♪
♪ Grabbing ankles
Throwing ass on ATVs ♪
♪ Make 'em say "uh"
I got Master P ♪
♪ Doggy-style. look here.
That's masterpiece ♪
♪ I don't wanna be
In no sausage fest ♪
♪ Where my ladies at?
Throw it east to west ♪
♪ Wow. wow. wow. wow
I'm impressed ♪
♪ Booty up down. up down... ♪
I hate when y'all leave!
Come give me a hug.
Ma. come on. turn off
this ratchet-ass music.
It's embarrassing.
especially for Black women.
It's not embarrassing.
I'm the cool ma
everybody wish they had.
I'm lit! Don't forget.
I got practice later
so I'll be home late.
You only made the team
because you're Black
and those racist fucks
assumed you could play.
Mm. It's 2026.
I don't think race is an issue.
Do you read Black Twitter?
No.
Ugh. Brad.
are you still dating that ho?
Okay.
Stop ho-shaming her. heiffa.
Just because Darrel and them
ran a train on her
doesn't make her a ho.
She's not a "ho".
she's "sex positive".
Well. I'm positive she is a ho.
Hey. girl! Look at you!
Early for Halloween. huh?
What you this year?
Slutty schoolgirl?
Ho-ey ho?
Hi. Ms. Meeks.
Love the hair. Very...
Octavia Spencer.
Well. thank you very much.
I got to invite you over
and make you a
little shit pie. Ooh.
You know what? I got to get to
African American History class.
We're learning about slavery.
Come to find out.
it was a choice.
You see that right there?
That's Kanye? That's right.
They've been teaching
us wrong all this time.
Mm-hmm. Stay Black!
Bye. Ma. All right. Bye. baby.
Bye. Ms. Meeks. Bye.
Son. I put some
condoms in your bag!
You know how
they try to trap y'all.
Ma!
Okay. seriously. "Sheriff Greg".
you don't have to walk
me to class. I'm fine.
Jess. there's a serial
killer on the loose.
I'm not gonna let anything
happen to my baby girl.
Boy! Okay? I'm a baby boy!
I'm sorry!
I'm having a hard
time with this transition.
Okay. it's really simple.
Treat me like one of the guys.
Okay?
All right. I-I can
do that. Yeah.
Slap fight. Oh.
You call that a slap?
Whew.
What the hell did
you do that for?
Don't act like such a bitch.
Bitch.
Yeah. not bad.
Who the hell lives like this?
Oh. honey. it is
so good to see you!
Come in! Do you want some tea?
Oh. my God. Mother.
You look like shit!
Babe. please.
This is clearly a woman
who's run out of conditioner.
Oh. be careful where
you walk. The whole place
is booby-trapped.
You never know when that
psycho's gonna come back.
Come in.
Okay.
I hate this job.
Mrs. Campbell.
I'm Jack. Sara's boyfriend.
I've heard so much about you...
Uh. none of it good.
I have heard nothing
about you. Jack.
I assume you're a piece of shit.
But how would I know when I
haven't heard from my daughter
in. what. six months?
Six years. Mother.
And whose fault is that?
"And whose fault is that?" I
don't know. maybe it's yours!
That's fair.
We want to learn from
the horror you survived.
Look...
Scary Movie 3 and 4
paid me a lot of
money for a girl...
There is nothing to learn there.
But if you want to talk about
The House Bunny. shoot.
It's happening again!
Some asshole in a mask.
We have to stop him.
You're not ready. lovebug.
I have been preparing
for this for years.
Sacrificed everything.
You were a terrible
mother. Come on. honey
we had some good times.
Like that Christmas I took
you to meet Santa at the mall.
("JINGLE BELLS" PLAYS)
♪ Dashing through the snow ♪
♪ In a one-horse open sleigh ♪
♪ O'er the fields we go... ♪
Your turn. Sara.
Move!
Hi. Santa.
Sorry if I don't
sit in your lap.
You creep me out.
♪ How fun it is
To ride and sing... ♪
Mom?
Santa gave me a severed arm!
Be sure to thank him.
Is that a foot?
Ew. that's gross.
♪ One horse open... ♪
What the fuck?
I am sorry
if that's how you found
out Santa doesn't exist.
Ugh. Mother. I need your help!
To heal our emotional wounds
and put the past behind us?
Oh. God. no.
No. to kill Ghostface!
Do you have any guns?
I am Cindy fucking Campbell.
I've got millions of guns!
But. um.
none of them are registered
due to my mental health issues.
So. if you could just
keep that on the low...
-Okay.
-Oh!
Yeah. I'm gonna be fine.
I didn't hurt myself
on any of these spikes.
("KISS OR KILL"
BY STELA COLE PLAYS)
♪ K-I-S-S-I-N-G ♪
♪ Me and you
We're sitting in a tree ♪
Oh. hey.
so I spoke to Sara earlier.
Oh. is she coming? You know.
I did hear a buzzing sound.
So it's possible. No.
I meant to Woodsville.
dumbass. Oh. Yeah. I forgot to ask.
Hey. Jimbo! Go deep!
Yeah. yeah! Throw it. throw it!
Oh!
Sweet!
Speaking of going deep...
Uh. I don't know
if it's a good time.
Everyone knows what
happens to teenagers
who try to make love when
there's a killer on the loose.
Brad's right about
one thing. guys.
Okay. Ghostface is
back. We need to arm up.
Pepper spray. check.
Taser. check.
Butt plug.
double check.
Goddamn!
You just carry
that thing around?
It's easy to hide.
In your butt.
I'm impressed.
What's up. y'all? I'm back!
Shit. son!
Hey. what's up. Unc? "Unc"?
I'm tired of you little
Gen Z Alpha niggas
using terms like
"unc" and "auntie".
Gaslighting and
glazing and glamping.
trying to make my
generation sound old.
I ain't your damn unc. nigga!
Shorty. you're our
mother's brother. so. yeah.
technically. you are our uncle.
Oh. My bad.
Crazy that they
let you teach here.
Teach? Nah. nigga.
I attend.
You looking at a
proud 25th-year senior.
When are you finally
gonna graduate?
By the time we do a sequel
and I got to follow
you little young niggas
to college to get my check.
Wait. guys. Tuesday's awake!
All right! Tuesday! Who
the fuck is Tuesday?
Hey. we gotta
go to the hospital.
You gonna take the
bus home? No. The PJ.
Private jet?
Yeah. Jealous?
Man. you smoke weed all day.
Just play video
games. you live-stream.
You literally got
money doing nothing.
Exactly. I leave the hard
work for the old heads.
Shit. son!
Still the same Shorty. Aight.
Check my crypto. nigga.
Aw. shit. I'm up
three million dollars!
Damn. now I'm down five million.
This shit crazy. son.
♪ I'm gonna let it shine ♪
♪ This little light of mine ♪
Ray!
Sister Brenda. it's okay.
You heard the call
of sin. yes. you did.
But the Lord has called on us
to show men such
like you the way.
Come on. son! Come with us.
Come on us.
God see you coming.
So don't cheat that come.
We need you to come
like you never came before.
Come for the Father.
come for the Son.
I'ma hold your hand and
we gonna come together.
-God is good. man!
-Yes. sir.
Thank you. Jesus.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
There you go.
In the name of God.
let it go. Ray! Let it go!
Nigga!
Oh. my bad.
Last time.
Let's welcome a new
member to our congre-gay-tion.
Let the people know
how you feel.
brother. There you go.
I'm not gay no more.
Hallelujah!
Yes. sir!
I'm not gay no more!
Praise the lord!
He not gay no more.
I've been delivered!
I'll no longer date a mans!
Even if he's sexy as hell
with a big old chesteses
and perky areolas!
Oh. yeah. you
still got a secret.
I'll no longer carry a
purse. put on makeup.
walk around in high heels.
What?
Red bottoms. The one
with the cute little buckle
on the side. Those is my shoes.
I'll no longer go on
Grindr and swipe right
at Black mens... Hmm?
...white mens. Asian mens.
You been on Grindr?
I'll no longer take trips
to the Philippines
looking for ladyboys.
To Phuket. Ko
Samui. Back to Phuket.
Then to Vietnam to see if I
can get them any cheaper.
I thought that was for
our anniversary. Ray.
Oh. this nigga
got a lot of miles.
I'll no longer stand
butt naked in a mirror
with my penis tucked
between my legs...
...dancing like the dude
from Silence of the Lambs.
"It puts the lotion in
the basket. Precious."
I'm a changed man!
I've been delivered!
Shit. I will!
I said I will!
I will love a woman!
Womans. womans. womans!
You can take that "W-O" off.
Mens-es. mens-es. mens-es.
Womans...
No. no. No. no. Ray. No. no.
Gulp. gulp. gulp.
Whoa. nigga.
Hawk tuah. hawk tuah. hawk tuah!
You hocking on it?
("TWERK FOR JESUS" BY NOVA
VYBE PLAYS) I've been delivered!
♪ Work. work. working it
For Jesus ♪
♪ No. the devilry is gonna
Stay beneath us ♪
♪ The good praise Really
bumping Out your speakers ♪
♪ I'ma dance 'Cause His glory
Make me feel some type of way ♪
♪ So we be
Twerk. twerk. twerkin' it ♪
♪ For Jesus ♪
I've been delivered!
♪ No. the devilry is gonna
Stay beneath us ♪
♪ Who make it happen? ♪
♪ That's Jesus ♪
♪ Who have us clapping?
That's Jesus ♪
♪ And the devil can't ever
Come between us ♪
♪ We out here clap. clap
Clapping it for Jesus ♪
Tuesday. Tuesday.
Oh. my God.
Her face. All contorted.
Oh. my God. and the moaning.
I've been trying to
get that out for an hour.
How you feeling. Tues?
Hey. what are they giving
you for the pain? Is that...
Is that morphine or...?
Bitch. Let's see.
Oh. yeah!
Oh. this that good. good.
This that Britney Spears shit.
Makes me want to get half-naked.
dance around and
juggle some knives.
Sara. who's that Jeffrey
Dahmer look-a-like?
Oh. This is my boyfriend. Jack.
Really nice to meet you.
Looks like Ted Bundy to me.
But that ain't none
of my business.
Mm-hmm. Mm!
This little stabbed-up
bitch here needs some rest.
So y'all get the fuck out!
Yes. ma'am.
Oh. not you. Sara.
Why? What did I do?
I'm so scared.
Oh. Tues. you should be.
You've been stabbed nine times.
And the killer knows
where you live.
I would invite you to
come stay at my place. but
I don't really want that
kind of juju in my house.
For all we know.
he's standing right
outside that door.
That's comforting. Sara.
I thought I was gonna die.
I know. me too!
I planned your funeral.
What the hell? And
I wrote your obituary.
More like ChatGPT wrote it.
But you're still here.
And I will never
let anyone hurt you.
Oh. yum! Ice chips!
Oh. God!
Get off me!
Help!
This white girl
can't die on my shift!
I'm a DEI hire!
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
She was fine a second ago.
No! No. I'm good!
I'm good! Clear!
Again!
Come on. white bitch.
I need this job! Clear!
It's not working! Clear!
We're losing her.
Harder!
Oh. boy.
Look like there
ain't nothing left
but thoughts. prayers
and pork rinds.
Dear Lord.
Nurse Ratchett.
check out the wire!
The Wire was the shit.
baby. That's my show.
Drugs and that Idris Elba
make this coochie
want to pop. pop. pop!
Dear Lord. please
accept this white bitch's...
Oh!
The Lord works in
mysterious ways.
I'm going on break.
Oh. Tues.
I will never let anyone
hurt you again. Mm-mm.
Ooh! My bad.
Hello?
Hello. Sara.
Who is this?
Someone who knows
your little secret.
No. no. I swear that
wasn't a Nazi salute!
Okay? I won Prom Queen
and I was... I was throwing
my heart to the crowd!
No. I'm talking about
your family secret.
Oh. you're the fuck
who hurt my sister.
Well. I had to get you
to come back here.
Listen. if you want to
fuck with me. asshole.
then come and get me!
With pleasure.
Help!
Somebody help!
Please. somebody help!
Bitch!
This the break room.
Mm-hmm.
We on break.
-Oh. God.
-Preach.
Take that!
Oof!
Please. save me!
I've been saving people all day!
So you handle yours.
I'll be right over here
eating my falafel
and my pork rinds.
I look like your mama?
-Try me now!
-Break's over.
You're welcome.
It really looks like you got hit
with something hard. Like metal.
I told you. I fell.
Now where exactly are we
going? To talk to an expert.
Go away!
I'm so sorry to
bother you. We just...
We just want to ask
you a few questions.
Give me one good reason
why I should talk to you.
I'm white.
How white? Oh. I'm talking
Candace Owens white.
Oh. Six feet.
When you said expert.
I assumed you meant
more like Neil
deGrasse Tyson or...
Shut up.
I'm Sara Campbell.
I was attacked last night.
I think you should leave.
I don't want to get stabbed.
And I don't want Covid. okay?
Please. come
on. Just... Let's go.
Just two minutes.
that's all I'm asking.
No. No.
I'll give you eight minutes.
And another thing.
I got to test you for Covid.
Ohh!
Ahh...
You guys are good.
When did the work week
become the "woke week"?
We've got Black Friday.
What's next. Mulatto Monday?
I mean. Yellow Thursday?
Tan Tuesday? Come on.
Let me get this out of your way.
Oh! Sorry.
Oh!
Covid tests are done.
Yup! You're good.
You're Cindy's daughter. right?
Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know him. This
is Jack. My love interest.
No! No. no. no.
Rule Number One of
surviving a horror movie is.
"Never trust the love interest."
Look at him!
He's got that weird
lazy eye. poking one way
and then he's drooling
like a psychopath.
He's got that stump leg.
Makes him all walk
weird and creepy.
I don't have a stump.
Well. that guy does.
Oh I'm looking at me.
Special Officer Doofy. Retired.
Listen. Doofy. we could
really use your help.
No. I can't go
back to that life.
Plus. we're in the middle
of a global pandemic!
Okay. I hate to break it to you.
but Covid has been
over for. like. years.
Hmm. Really?
-Yeah.
Damn it!
What am I gonna do
with all this canned meat?
Get out! I don't want
Ghostface to find me.
And don't come back!
It's the sound of the police.
Special Officer Doofy.
reporting for duty.
Okay. just because he
showered doesn't mean that...
No. I didn't shower.
I just take water
from my mouth and...
You want some?
Okay. No. that's okay.
Come on. Doofy.
Yeah. let's do it.
Sara. is your
ghetto-ass mom coming
or can we start
talking about this plot?
Uh...
Hi.
You came.
Not in. like. 15 years. honey.
But I did buy this new rose.
so fingers crossed.
Oh.
Oh!
Oh. my old friend!
You taught me how to dance.
How to make a high N-word pie.
Nigga. I'm right in back of you.
Shorty!
What's up. Cindy?
How you doing? My nigga.
Shit. son!
I can't believe you
thought I was dead.
Well. between cancer
from the weed smoke
your love of the
McRib and racist cops.
I didn't think you had a chance.
Yeah. that's a
terrible combination.
Hi. Cin. Stop smiling at me!
Shit! WorldStar!
WorldStar! WorldStar!
Hey. he's
intellectually disabled!
That's just how he
looks. you drunk honky.
Hey. hey. hey!
Don't call that
white bitch a honky.
C'mon. have some respect.
I keep seeing people
smiling everywhere.
I'm not very likable.
so it must be
some kind of curse.
Hey. everybody! She's high.
Look what I got.
Non-branded gelatin shots
made with grain alcohol and GHB.
So ain't nobody sipping nothing
they didn't consent
to like last time.
which I apologize. Mm-hmm.
Take one. I love
roofying myself.
No. Ma. No. Mama.
You sure. baby?
Hi. Brenda.
Please do not call me
by my government name.
Call me Ma.
Cindy!
Oh. my God!
You dropped the tray.
Oh. my God. Cindy.
I haven't seen you in forever!
My God. look at you!
You look the same!
Minus the crow's feet.
And your hair is so dry.
Oh. and your titties
dropped so far.
Other than that. you
look the exact same.
What have you been up to?
Oh. you know.
neglecting my children
so I can prepare to kill
Ghostface should he ever return.
What about you?
Well. I been mostly just
getting high school kids drunk
in a desperate
attempt to stay young
and keep my kids at home.
I always knew you'd
be a great mom.
Oh. Cindy!
Should we hug?
Oh. I really want to.
but I'm a Republican now
so I'm supposed to be racist.
Oh. girl. I think all white
people are racist anyway.
Come here. Okay.
Mm! Oh!
You want a shot? Yeah?
Here. Oh. yes. yes. please.
You know. Ma. this
place could be so cool
if you had. like. a-a beer
pong table over there.
and maybe. like. a snack wall.
What you know about
cool? When I was your age.
I was popping bottles
with Puffy. Puff Daddy.
P. Diddy. Diddy.
All the Seans.
That didn't age well.
Your momma was the freak
in the freak-offs.
Shit. son!
You want to see something cool?
I'ma show you something cool.
God. that's cool.
What are you doing?
What?
No. not like that.
Like this.
Oh. yeah.
I don't know why
y'all acting so scared.
The gun ain't even loaded.
Shit!
Oh. shit. son!
Uh-oh. I did it again.
I always forget that
last one in the chamber.
Help me move this body.
Yeah. you got it.
That was fun.
Oh. so. what are you doing
-after this?
-I want to go to Cabo.
Oh. I love Cabo!
You know what?
I used to put cocaine up my
hoo-hah and travel there all the time.
Well. that's because
you're so smart. Yeah.
Oh.
All right. Let's get
back to the plot.
I'm looking at you.
Ted Bundy eyes.
Looking like a school shooter.
I think you the killer.
-Oh. me?
-Mm-hmm.
Okay. what about
Deputy Doofy over there?
I-I don't have a motive.
You know. what's my motive?
You were the killer
in the first movie.
Shouldn't you be locked
up? No. I got pardoned.
Mostly because of the
storming the Capitol. you know.
Oh. I got proof.
-This is me. And it's framed.
-Oh.
That's a cool hat.
What about Jess?
What about me?
If anybody here has issues
that could lead to murder...
Okay. I get it!
Trans-shaming is not cool. okay?
They... He's just a dude. Yeah.
Minus the upper body
strength and the dick part.
Hey. you don't know what
I got down here. okay?
I do. Hey. hey.
Listen. what we know so far
is everyone who's been attacked
is related to the
original characters.
He wants to kill the kids.
Aha! He's making a rebootequel.
-A what now?
-Yeah. It's like.
a reboot and a sequel.
Mixes legacy characters
with new characters
in an attempt to feed
into bullshit nostalgia
and bring more
fans to the theaters.
Just like last year's I Know
What You Did Last Summer.
That's a movie? What
did I do last summer?
I think you're talking about
The Summer I Turned Pretty.
-Yeah.
-Ray.
when did you get
here? Oh. I been here.
I was just hanging
out by the men's room.
Oh. My room?
Okay. so that means
that our killer is writing his
own version of Horror Movie.
Okay. so according to
the re-booty-call rules.
who's the killer?
I think it's pretty obvious.
Who?
You. bitch. Me?
Guys. I am not the killer.
Ghostface attacked
Tues to lure me back here.
I think he attacked
Tuesday to get you back here
so he could get me back here.
He wants to kill the OGs.
That was a flex.
Yeah. that sounds better.
Aw. fuck this!
And fuck you. Mother!
To your mother?
Hey! Don't be so disrespectful!
And call me Mom!
Or Mommy.
Or whatever's more comfortable.
All units. be advised:
Suspect is still at large.
Black cloak. white mask...
...big-ass knife.
-Talk to me.
-Hello. Sheriff.
Agent Underwood?
I'll give you one hint.
What's your
favorite scary movie?
Well. I'm gonna
go with Saltburn.
I mean. the member on that
English guy was terrifying.
Ken Jeong's junk in The Hangover
was a much better depiction
of the male anatomy.
Now what do you want. fuckface?
Well. I'm just
calling to tell you
that by the time you get home.
I'll have gutted your baby girl!
Hey. asshole. she's a boy!
Jess!
Looking for this?
Let me help you.
I got your baby dick.
Winky. winky. winky.
All right. Here we go.
What do you want. fuckface?
Well. like father.
like. uh. son?
Uh...
I understand you're home alone.
Well. Dad's out. but the
pool guy. the gardener
and the plumber
are all here. asshole.
Look out your window.
ICE!
No! But they're the backbone
of the American workforce!
And I'm too white
to do those jobs.
Let's cut to the chase.
I'll ask you one question.
If you answer
correctly. you live.
Who was the killer
in Horror Movie?
Oh. that's easy. It was
Bobby and then Gay Ray
the guy who was
totally into dudes.
even though he
claimed he wasn't.
Classic 2000s homophobia.
But I got you. bitch.
Wrong! You forgot
Special Officer Doofy.
Now you die.
Bumbaclot!
You should probably answer that.
I can literally see you
trying to steal my package.
Oh. shit!
Ah. that was easy.
Uh. someone order steaks?
It's GoPuff. Hmm.
-Wait a sec.
-Careful.
You wouldn't want
to let in a killer.
You are about to
identify as dead.
You...
stab like... a girl.
Come on. girl. hit
that Ghostface Shuffle.
Try the Ghostface
Killah Collection Bundle.
This is Keke West for
OnlyFans Rapid News.
"Rapid News". You
mean "Vapid News".
You don't even have a cameraman!
My equipment!
Excuse me.
Oh. my. You're...
Yes. yes.
Three-time Emmy nominee
for Outstanding Achievement
in Sensational Reporting.
I was gonna say
the lady from Friends.
but shorter and with less Botox.
Oh. Is that what you were
"gonna say"? Yeah.
You seriously don't
know who I am?
-Babygirl. I am Gail...
-Gail swallows!
Hey.
Hailstorm. Gail...
Get the hell out of my way! Oh.
Doofus. Hey. Gail.
Wow. You haven't aged a day.
You've aged like a million
days. That's this many. Five...
Your fingers
smell like genitals.
What are you doing in
that ridiculous uniform?
Uh. I-I'm back on the case.
Yeah. I'm gonna bust Ghostface.
Well. um.
tell me. Special
Needs Officer Doofy...
Um.
Wow. Are there any suspects
in this tragic yet completely
predictable incident?
I-I'm not allowed to say.
No. no. okay. no. Yes.
you can. Yes. you can.
Not... Yeah...
You can tell me.
Um. ah. oh. my God.
What the f...
Hey!
Remember when you
used to give blowjobs
for sensitive information?
I don't give blowjobs anymore.
okay? Not since MeToo.
Okay. Sorry.
I give handjobs now. but
the story better be good.
Okay. I'll do a handjob.
Let's do it. Let's do it.
What the...
I'm gonna get you. Uncle
Ray-Ray's gonna get you!
Ray? You got my outfit.
you little critter.
Maybe weed shouldn't be legal.
Fuck yeah. it should!
Hello. Shorty.
You do know that
smoking is bad for you.
Actually. weed
ain't bad for you.
You got Vitamin T. C and H.
C. B and D.
What's the matter. Shorty?
You look a little antsy.
Maybe because there's
a masked serial killer
sipping tea in my den.
Shorty. you're my nigga.
I mean. friend. Please. sit.
All right.
Do you want to quit smoking?
Well. to be honest.
I tried to quit.
But my mother said. "I
ain't raisin' no quitters."
So I quit quitting.
We could try hypnosis.
Bro. I don't care how
many pocket watches
you try and wave
in front of my face
it ain't gonna work. son.
-You can't magmetize me.
-Sleep.
Shorty.
Hmm?
What's up?
Tell me about your mother.
Damn. nigga.
Let's start with
something light. like:
"Do you lick ass. yes or no?"
The answer's yes.
So what happened to her. Shorty?
She was coming home.
Her car was parked
to the side of the road.
Someone was in it.
And something bad was happening.
Why didn't you call anyone?
I couldn't.
I had warrants.
You were 11.
I started young. nigga.
Oh.
What do you see?
I...
I see a big explosion of water.
It was like a Civil Rights hose.
Police said it was
a murder/suicide.
She killed that man.
When they opened the car
door. his limp body just slid out.
Like the green nigga
in Shape of Water.
I just didn't
want it to be real.
What don't you want to be real?
That my mother was a squirter!
Okay! She was a squirter.
All the floors in her
bedroom was warped.
-I can't move.
-You're paralyzed.
Now...
...sink into the
chair. Wait. no.
-Wait.
-Sink!
Nigga!
I'm in a K-hole. son!
No. you're in a K-pop hole.
I smoked a bowl
Now I'm so stoned
Jeongmal nop-eun
Got me speaking in Korean
Oh. shit. son!
I got so high
I was out of my mind
I can't feel my own face
Nigga. I'm numb.
Was a problem child
Smokin' Black and Milds
That's what they do in the hood.
Now I'm 'bout to get laid
Y'all are 'bout to get sprayed
Now I'm flying. time for dining
'Cuz I got the munchies
Luke Skywalker!
Don't need a reason
To bang these demons
Now it burns when I pee
We going up. up. up
N****. we smokin'
We about to be tokin'
Gonna be. gonna be smokin'
♪ Ohh ♪
Up. up. up. n****. we smokin'
N**** we gonna be tokin'
Gonna be. gonna be smokin'
(coughs)
That's some good shit. son.
That dream was wild.
I must've been Elon Musk high.
Ahh shit. son!
Tuesday?
Bobby?
Bobby. what the...?
She's gonna die.
Our daughter. Sara?
You're probably right.
She's tough. but let's see
her get stabbed in the gut.
I'm gonna die.
Bobby. you're already dead.
This hallucination
is a manifestation
of my own guilt for
being an awful mom.
Or it could be the
shrooms I just popped.
You're gonna die.
Bitch. you ain't killing me.
Stop smiling!
I can't. Botox.
Hey! Oh.
This is the mental ward.
Everyone smiles in here.
What?
How... Um...
Could you point me in
the direction of the ICU?
Is it that way or that way?
Uh. visiting hours are over.
Oh. yes. of course.
The network wants me to clarify
that Black Friday has
nothing to do with race.
Well. just tell that to
my Black friend Benita
who's probably clocking someone
over the head at
Target as we speak!
Right. Benita?
Shamone!
Man. you ain't Michael.
Michael got that Jheri curl.
What is that. son?
Is that shellac?
See. people think it's shellac.
but it's actually Sharpie.
Boy. your hair
looks like fondue.
Indoo-dy.
Michael's got a
monkey. I got a llama.
Fuck Michael!
You can't dance. boy.
I've been practicing.
Oh! Whoa!
Jeez.
Yeah!
Bong! Ow!
I can moonwalk. Ooh. ooh.
Ooh.
Where is this nigga goin'?
Ow!
Whoo!
"Jermaine".
Coming Juneteenth. only on Tubi.
I'ma bootleg that shit.
Hello?
Fuck this.
I'm gonna miss you all.
Oh. hell no!
Think Black. don't die.
Oh!
Goddamn it! Jack?
Did Sara tell you to come? Um...
Yeah! That's why I'm here.
Not to murder you
or anything like that.
Then why are you wearing gloves?
Would you believe I...
am thinking about dressing up
as O.J. Simpson for Halloween?
But those fit.
Look out!
Not cool. bro. you
almost hit a vein.
I-I mean... Help!
Oh. yes!
Oh...
Whew. I'm gonna
gut you like a pig!
I'm gonna...
What a stupid line.
That is so true!
What are you gonna
do? Turn me into bacon?
I got to get better writers.
I'm laughing so
hard. my ribs hurt.
Wait until I stick
my knife in them!
I'm crying over here.
I got to go
before you really
kill me. Here I come.
Oh. God. I might
die laughing first!
Oh. Oh. shit. He's
really gonna kill me.
I want what they're on.
I'm gonna turn you
into bacon. little piggy.
No. no.
No.
I'm sorry. Excuse me. Excuse me.
I'm so sorry. Out of our way!
Step aside. Official
police business.
Doofy!
I like doing that.
Ooh!
Smile. you son of a bitch.
What the f...? My
psycho mother said
always keep a strap.
Go! Go! Okay.
I'm gonna go get
your love interest.
I'll get your love interest.
Ow. the pain. the agony.
Sara. if I don't make it...
Seriously. Tues. stop
trying to win an Oscar.
It's a horror movie.
it'll never happen.
Just ask Demi Moore.
No! No!
I got him. I got Jack.
Doofy! What the fuck?
The fuck? I can't help myself.
It's just me and
you now. Ghosty.
Hm.
You got to shoot
them in the head.
Shoot them in the head.
Oof. Ow.
Die!
Die. you little dumb dunce.
Smell...
my...
finger.
Oh. God!
What the fuck was that? Ugh.
My ass.
Fuck your ass! Pause.
Oh. God. that's...
that's my ass.
-Oh. God.
-Any last words?
I go poopy.
Oh. hell no. I ain't
cleaning up that shit!
I'm on break.
Come on. I do the killing.
not the cleaning. Ugh.
What you say? Never mind.
Yo. what's up. chat?
This your boy Shorty.
That's right. it's another
Halloween-a-thon.
And it's another day of
me getting paid mad money
for doing absolutely nothing
while you stupid
motherfuckers watch.
And they call me dumb!
I want to give a smooth
shout-out to my sponsor:
Angry Orchard Hard Cider.
They got mad apples. son.
We created a slogan!
I'm a marketing genius!
Aight. It wouldn't be
a Halloween-a-thon
without a dope guest.
He's a legend in
the streaming game.
Give it up for Kai Cenat!
We gonna break the internet!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Let's get serious.
What brings you to the chat?
You promised I was
gonna be in the movie.
I've been calling
you. You ghosted me.
Bro. I thought that was one
of my crazy-ass baby mamas.
That's... That's my bad.
And speaking of ghosted...
Somebody wants to talk to you.
Hello?
What's your
favorite scary movie?
Nah! Oh!
Oh. whoa. whoa! Ah!
We breaking the internet. son!
What's up. my guy?
You got some Angry Orchard
Hard Cider in the
house? You damn right.
They got mad apples.
Oh!
Wassup?
We about to do
my favorite thing:
Spin the... wheel!
Extreme Noodle Game!
We gonna go back
there with these noodles
and we gonna smack
the fuck out you!
Then you gotta guess who did it.
That doesn't even make sense.
This is a dumb game.
Oh!
Uh...
Kai. Kai. Man. what?
Yeah.
Wait... No. no. no...
You just killed Kai
Cenat. On the chat.
We making history. son!
Money. money. money!
Oh. thank God.
It's about time
you guys got here!
Now you're gonna get it.
Oof!
Hold still!
So that's our suspect.
Goes by the name
"Shorthand". Hmm.
Was the handyman at a house
reputed to be haunted in 2001.
Is there anything
you're not telling me?
That your wife hates you
you believe the Earth is flat
and you voted for
Trump three times.
What. I was supposed
to vote for the woman?
Huh?
I believe Shorthand is
the notorious Ghostface.
What that mouth do?
Stop resisting!
He did look pretty sketchy.
They got the wrong guy.
And you know that
because you're psychic?
No. says so on
the arrest warrant.
I don't know.
That guy's Black.
Nah. he's kinda...
not that Black.
Like gravy brown.
Ugh!
Get him!
Hit him with your strong hand!
Boom!
Arrest him anyways.
Probably did something. right?
Turn off your body cams!
Miss Hailstorm. welcome back.
Doc. I'm begging you. You
got to help me look younger.
These little bitches
are killing me out there.
They're wearing nothing but a...
a sausage casing
and a ring light.
Trust me with this withered.
decrepit. age-ravaged body.
and I will make you whole.
One Middle-Aged
White Lady Special
coming right up. Thanks.
I'm gonna play a quick video
on the ins and outs
of the procedure.
and then we'll get started.
Do you wish you
weren't so old and saggy?
were younger? Sexier?
Fuckable again?
One single injection
unlocks your DNA.
creating a new. better you.
This is The Stuff.
Doc. this isn't that
Gwyneth Paltrow crap
that makes you smell
like her vag. is it?
("BRAND NEW"
BY ALIYA'S INTERLUDE PLAYS)
I like it.
♪ I feel... ♪
♪ Brand fucking new ♪
♪ New ♪
Wow. that's a lot of Stuff.
Oh. a mask on a mask.
Safety first. right. Doc?
Oh. no!
I'm having second thoughts!
I'm gonna love and
accept myself as I am.
♪ I feel ♪
♪ Brand fucking new ♪
Oops. Wrong movie.
-You were thinking it.
-But you said it.
White Chicks 2. my ass.
♪ I feel ♪
♪ Brand fucking new ♪
♪ New ♪
♪ I feel brand fucking new ♪
Hey. Sara.
Tuesday. I...
I tried to visit you.
I am sorry for everything.
Especially your name.
It was Taco Tuesday.
I was super drunk.
But I promise you. I
will kill this motherfucker!
-It's fine. really. we're cool.
-I'm gonna...
I'll pull the car
around. We're good.
I'm going to take
you to the car!
I got stabbed. I'm not
deaf. you dumbass!
I'm taking Tues
away from all of this!
Oh... Come on. Cindy.
I tried to run. too. but...
it follows!
Now you're probably expecting
a flashback to that movie.
but it's too obscure.
Yeah. and the plot is weird.
You have sex with
someone. give them a STD
and then it haunts
them in the form
of their naked grandma.
It's like a STD biopic.
Ugh. the killer is taunting me.
Why doesn't he just kill us?
Uh. speak for yourself.
Like. what are you waiting for?
Oh. no. no. no. sweetie.
sweetie. It's like this.
What are you waiting for. huh?
What are you waiting for?
God. I wish you
weren't my mother!
What are you waiting for?
Candyman.
-You sure about this?
-Yeah. keep saying it.
Candyman.
Candyman!
So what's up? You
got that candy. man?
-I got weed gummies.
-Yeah.
-K-nuts.
-Shroom chocolates.
-Shit. son!
And what take you
so long to show up?
Come on. Clarence. I
called you five times.
Nigga. show up in three.
You ain't even call
me on the phone.
Luckily I was walking by
and heard y'all through
the hole in this wall.
And fix that shit.
You shut your ass up.
You need to go to a proctologist
and get your skin looked at.
Having acne over the
age of 40 is wild work.
I look better than this
nigga. Maybe on this side.
Hey. ain't no time for beefing.
We about to be high as fuck.
We gonna party. son!
("WORK"
BY JAKOB CAMPBELL PLAYS)
♪ Coming in hot They better
watch it... ♪ Happy Halloween. y'all.
Watch out for Ghostface. ♪
If they come For my spot... ♪
-That's right. Drink up!
-Hey!
Hey! I love it. Look at that.
You're looking good.
You seen your sister?
♪ You always better ♪
♪ When you at the top But I
had... ♪ Ray. you seen Dei?
I-I can't find her since
she went to that protest.
No.
Ray. let me guess. You
are Woody from Toy Story!
Nah. Brenda. that's gay. Oh.
Jake Gyllenhaal from
Brokeback Mountain.
"I wish I knew how
to quit you. but I can't."
You love that movie!
Hey. Brenda! Huh?
Have you seen my
big old bag of candy?
It had chocolates.
gummies. lollipops.
I-It's gone missing.
No. no. no. it's not missing.
I passed it out to
the trick-or-treaters.
Brenda. that's my stash!
I'm so fucking high!
Whoo-hoo!
I can't feel my face!
I'm on that Naruto shit!
Six-seven! Six-seven!
Fuck.
Why is she looking at me?
♪ Fucking with a boss. yeah
It costs ya ♪
A little disturbing.
I'm here for it.
♪ Yeah
It's all there ♪
♪ Bend it over
Touch your paws. yeah ♪
♪ Make it talk. yeah ♪
Oh. Okay.
♪ Make that ass jump
Uh-huh ♪
♪ Make that ass jump ♪
Hey. hey!
♪ You better ♪
♪ You better
Make that ass jump ♪
♪ My nigga sleep so you know
I'm outside tho ♪
♪ Jet skis ass out
Crop top hoe... ♪
Hey!
Do you know how many baby
seals die from microplastics?
Shit.
It's Ghostface!
Oh. my God! He stabbed her!
Not "her". My pronouns
are "they/them".
He stabbed "them"!
I'm over 40. How am I supposed
to keep up with all of this?
She's not wrong.
It's Karens like you
that keep the patriarchy going.
with their knees on our necks!
Now you're playing
the race card?
I've had enough of her
shit. "Their" shit. bitch!
And to be clear.
my real name is Karen!
Oh. shit. This is too good.
Ignore the insults.
"They" don't realize
we're here to help "them".
Toxic masculinity
and mansplaining
doesn't help anybody!
How is my masculinity toxic?
I love women and sports.
Just not together.
Come here. bitch.
My turn!
-Me next!
-They ain't ready for
this!
Let me at them! Me next!
Fuck your pronouns. Oh. shit.
Suck knife.
I blame the manosphere.
♪ Hit the bar
Rock side-to-side ♪
♪ And lean in a bit ♪
♪ Shining like a star
'Cause every night... ♪
Uncle Shorty. What's up. nephew?
Can I ask you something?
Yeah. shoot.
It's about. y-you know
how to go down on a girl.
You talking about eating pussy?
That's so cringe. but yeah.
Well. maybe if you stop talking
like a 14-year-old white girl
you could learn something.
All right. so listen up.
First thing you got
to do. you got to...
You got to spread them
legs. You got to open it up.
Then you want to
use your fingers.
Sometimes you can use two.
Two fingers. like that there.
Yeah?
Now. once you get
it all in there. now...
you got to use your tongue.
You can't be afraid of it.
Yeah. lean into it.
Nah. nah. nah.
you doing it too fast.
What are you. a lizard?
You got to be gentle.
You got to talk to it.
"Hey there. little guy.
how you doing?"
Hey there. little guy.
Boom! Just like rolling a blunt.
All you got to do. nephew...
Is hit that shit.
Got it? Mm-hmm.
All right. now
if you want to learn to
lick ass. ask your mama.
You feel so good.
Oh. yeah.
Elle.
I want to try something.
I-I thought you said you'd
never let me peg you.
What? No.
Relax.
I just want to taste you.
Okay.
Dinner time.
Oh. yeah. come here. baby.
Careful. My kitty is gangster.
Oh! Oh...
It is gangster. Okay.
Slapped you so hard.
you want some more. Yeah!
Oh!
You feel so much better
than Darrel and them.
Choo-choo!
Get back in there!
Yeah! Lick it!
Yeah! Lick it hard!
Finish her.
Oh. my God!
Just like rolling a blunt.
Now all I got to do is hit it.
Oh... Oof!
Elle!
What the fuck?
Hey there. We heard
tell of a Halloween party.
You did now. did you?
We're here to drink.
play bad music. do
some half gay shit.
Why just half gay?
Can I help you?
If you just invite us in.
Why you need a invitation?
White folks show up
to parties uninvited
all the time with their
little nasty-ass casseroles.
Bland as shit. Y'all better
start using some Lawry's.
Mm-hmm. And why she
got them dirty-ass feet?
Look like you was walking
around porn sets all day.
Got them trailer park toes.
Shit. son!
I think you're in the
wrong place. Y'all Klan?
No.
We believe in
music and equality.
How about we show y'all?
It's okay. no.
♪ Well. we're movin' on up ♪
♪ Movin' on up ♪
♪ To the East Side ♪
♪ To a deluxe apartment ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ In the sky ♪
♪ We're movin' on up ♪
They gentrified the Jeffersons?
Weezy's rolling around
in her grave right now.
You can't do this to the
Black National Anthem.
♪ We finally got
A piece of the pie! ♪
Boo!
Nigga. you suck! Boo your ass!
We worked hard on this!
Take that bullshit out of here!
We ain't got time
for that dumb shit!
Why won't ya just go to
one of those frat parties
where they drink
until they black out
and wake up with
their booties hurting.
not knowing what someone
in a cowboy hat did to them?
Yeah! What?
Okay.
Well. we will leave
you guys alone.
But we're gonna walk real slow
just in case y'all
change your minds.
-Change your minds yet?
-No.
Not at all. Hell no.
How about now?
Fuck no! No!
Yes? Hell to the nah.
Definitely not! Keep walking!
-Now git!
-Let's go.
Sara. come on! White folks
is getting weird again.
Guys. I think I saw an
open window over here.
That window's closed.
Not for long.
(VOCALIZES "DEFYING GRAVITY"
FROM "WICKED")
Wicked.
Oh. God. Fucking idiots.
("BAD TO THE BONE"
BY RUBY X PAPATINHO PLAYS)
♪ Bad. bad. bad to the bone ♪
♪ We can play
But you can't take me home ♪
♪ Bad. bad shows off the... ♪
Hey! Tuesday! You came back!
Yeah. I left my inhaler.
Honestly. Tuesday. that inhaler is
the worst plot device in movie history.
That's true. should've
been a vape.
But we're here now. so
let's make the most of it.
Now where them White Claws at?
Sara? Hello.
Get your sister and get out
of there right now. Okay. hon?
I am a grown-ass woman. Mother.
I don't have to do
anything you tell me to do.
That's the house
where your psycho father
killed those people.
Someone wanted to get you there.
Which means...
someone wants to get me there.
Oh. my God. this
isn't about you!
Why are you yelling?
Because the camera's
so fucking far away!
Wait. hold on. Are
you tracking my phone?
You're breaking up.
Uh... Yeah.
Happy Birthday!
Hey. that's my car!
What the fuck?
Elle!
I'm sorry!
I thought I was
supposed to smoke it.
Oh. shit.
Seriously? With the
12 Years a Slave shit?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. I
didn't see that movie. okay?
I just found this thing
in the shed. Jesus.
Come on. bro!
That's even worse.
I didn't mean it that way.
Some of my best
victims are Black.
And another brother
falls victim to gun violence.
Turns out race
is still an issue.
That's not fair!
You know. Black guys
usually die first in horror movies.
Damn!
This give whole new
meaning to Dead By Daylight.
Yeah.
Oh. Get them. son.
Goofy ass out of here.
Hello. Shorty.
Cuckoo! Get him. niggas!
Got your silly ass! You
about to be high as fuck.
♪ Party ♪
♪ Aw. yeah. aw. yeah ♪
♪ Ain't nobody standing... ♪
Nigga!
Ah. shit. son!
Bro. why you running
backwards. son?
I don't know. It's not me.
Something's wrong with this.
Nigga. your remote
is upside-down!
You're fucking high. son.
-Game on. bitches!
-Yeah.
Oh! Wrong nigga.
Black Lives Matter!
Not you. Shorty!
Oh. my... I need you.
Whoa. what is
going on? Oh. Jack!
Oh. thank God you're
here! Where were you?
Ghostface was just here!
I was just outside
getting some fresh air.
Stop!
One of you is the killer.
Elle...
why do you have
blood on your hands?
I found Brad outside.
She's the killer!
I am not the killer. okay?
I'm not even sex
positive. I'm a virgin.
No way.
You've banged. like.
every dude in Woodsville.
Fuck you!
Whoa!
The butt doesn't count.
Oh!
Shit. she shot Ashton!
Welcome to Act Three. bitches.
What?
What does that even mean?
It's when the shit goes down.
Oh.
I still don't really
know what she means.
but I think we should run! Run!
Cindy!
Brenda.
Cindy. they in there shooting!
These kids are wild!
I blame it on video games.
not the liquor or lack
of parental supervision.
You're gonna need this. Oh.
Do you have one bigger in black?
Oh. wrong bag.
Here. Ooh.
Who are you. Joan Wick?
I would've said Ballerina.
but nobody saw that shit.
Let's do this.
Okay.
Help! He stabbed me!
I'm definitely not
faking it. Please. help!
What do you think?
I think Drake lost to Kendrick.
I still like Drake. but what
was up with that lawsuit?
That's such a bitch-ass move.
About this situation.
Oh. that? That's
definitely a trap.
She don't know we already
been here. done that.
Brenda!
Cindy! It hurts!
Am I gonna make it? I doubt it.
Oh. God. Cindy. Oh. God.
Bitch. I'm not dead yet!
Oh. My bad. I'm sorry.
Now you go back
in there and finish it.
For me. Cindy.
I would do anything
for you. Brenda.
Oh. yes! She bought it.
That old ketchup
trick. it don't fail.
That bitch is
crazy if she thought
I was taking my Black
ass back in there.
Attention all killers!
You have five seconds
to show yourselves.
Shorty!
Bitch!
You shot my favorite bong.
Go find your own damn closet!
Sorry.
Hello. Cindy.
Hello.
Looks like you forgot
the first rule of
surviving a horror movie.
Never answer the phone!
I thought the first rule was
never trust the love interest.
Oh. really?
Well. I'm changing the
rules. How about that?
New rule: Go fuck yourself.
Wait. wait!
Why do you hate closets so much?
I told you to come out.
Yeah. well. I didn't
want to get shot!
Ironic. isn't it?
You missed me. bitch.
Oh. God. it's Ghostface!
Didn't sound believable.
You think you're John Wick.
acting like I killed your dog?
The dog is just a metaphor.
It was about losing his wife!
You sure it's not an allegory?
Let us begin.
Oh.
Oh. that stunt girl is good.
Whoa.
Oh. oh...
Eat a dick.
Shoot him. Sara. End this.
Don't tell me what to do!
This isn't the best time
to resolve our
mommy-daughter issues.
but Sara. I am so sorry. I
have been a terrible mother.
I don't even know your
sister Wednesday...
Oh. Tuesday.
Have to clarify that
for legal reasons.
But I've prepared you for this.
So go on. baby.
You kill him.
Sara? Jack!
-Sara!
-Jack!
-Oh. Jack!
Sara! Jack!
-Sara!
-Jack!
Thank God you're okay.
Because I really wanted to be
the one to kill you!
Ooh. take it. baby.
See. I told you it was about me.
No. Sara.
You were just the bait.
It's about her.
-Fuck!
-Aw.
Sorry. honey. I
hate being right.
You should've listened to Doofy.
The love interest.
It just seemed too
obvious. you know?
Which makes you
think it is not obvious.
Same page. honeybunch.
Right.
Yeah. well. that's the twist!
Now get in the kitchen. Go!
Hey! Move!
Okay. listen up!
See. there hasn't been
a great Horror Movie
since the first one.
We're gonna save the franchise.
Go get our special guest star.
Hollywood is out of ideas!
Why else would there
be a Scary Movie 6?
But it wouldn't work with just
the new characters. would it?
We need the legacy
characters. Oh...
And there wouldn't be a Cindy
without her sassy
Black sidekick. Brenda.
You ain't have to say "Black"
with no hard "b" like that.
Brenda! Didn't you get shot?
Did I?
Oh! Wait. I did! Ooh.
look. God done healed me!
Ooh. what He do?
Stop dancing! All the time!
Stop dancing!
Everybody stop dancing!
All the time!
Oh!
Oh. Mom! No!
You called me "Mom".
You care about me.
Well. I wouldn't go
that far. but. I mean.
sure. Go...
Go get Tuesday.
Okay. ladies.
time to stage the bodies.
Let's go. let's
go. let's go. Oh!
Please don't do this!
What? Who are you people?
We're the motherfuckers
that are taking
over this franchise.
Oh. yeah? You are?
Okay! Oh. my God.
That was not part of the plan.
Oh. God. Shit.
-Oh.
-Neither was this.
Wait. Ray got one of those!
Whoa! Hot damn!
Anthony Anderson!
Yeah.
And I brought my boy
Kevin Hart with me.
What? Shaq?
That's right. On my knees
I'm the same height as Kevin.
And Kevin said no.
Kevin Hart said no?
That little motherfucker
says yes to everything.
Yeah. he does.
But wait!
There's more.
Ta-dah...
bitches!
Ray? Shorty?
Yeah. that's right.
Four Black killers. Yeah.
We're making history.
This a new definition
of Black excellence.
But why would you do this?
Question is:
Why would you try to make
a sequel without us. huh?
Yeah!
When the studio wanted
to replace these brothers.
I was there.
That's facts. What about me?
What about you?
You were in one scene
in Part 4. Oh!
Yes. but I made
that motherfucker
Dr. Phil cut his foot off.
-And he crazy now.
-Yeah. he got weird.
Mm. But you...
Y-You see what
they trying to do?
They trying to pit us all
up against each other.
They trying to start Black
on... on very Black crime.
Oh. That's right!
Yo. Shaq. Hey. I'm
proud of you. bro.
You've had an amazing
career as a sports commentator
since retiring from
basketball. Mm-hmm.
And I love The Big Podcast.
Nigga. I love that shit!
Even though I don't
understand a word you be saying.
You be on that
show talkin' 'bout...
"Kobe."
Enough.
But my point is.
nigga. I love your shit.
But I never got over Kazaam.
Fuck all that shit!
Kick his ass!
Get your big ass over
here! I hated that movie. too!
Why did you leave the Lakers?
You and Kobe
would've had nine rings!
That motherfucker traded me!
Sha-kweel!
How big is your foot?
22.
Then how big is your dick?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Ray!
-Pause.
-What the fuck
you talking about? I'm
doing it for the culture.
What culture?
-The Culture Club. Nigga!
-Bro.
Come on. Ray. we killing people.
Stay focused.
All right. all right.
All right. We back.
Hey. Ant. don't. don't you...
don't you worry. We family.
Ant. mad respect. y'all.
Hey. Black-ish nominated
for eight Emmys!
My nigga!
Well. actually.
the show was only
nominated for five.
I was nominated for eight.
Ooh. Wow.
Oh. thank you.
A thespian!
Is that so? Eight nominations.
Crazy! Yeah. man.
But you never won. What?
Et tu. Brute?
Don't speak Spanish
to me. motherfucker.
This is for doing
Scary Movie 3 and 4!
I didn't know they
fired the family!
And this is for copying
our Good Times
episode on Black-ish!
But you guys were on The WB!
Nobody saw that shit!
Ooh. No. no. no.
And you. and you...
Y'all went and did Scary
Movie 3 and 4 without us!
Nigga. I'm sorry. They
offered me so much money!
I-I got a new house. a new
car. I got wigs that don't itch.
And what about you?
Well. I had a
chance to work with
the incomparable Charlie Sheen.
That's good. He's a legend.
And his dick game's crazy.
You know he slept
with 47.000 women?
And a thousand of
them women were dudes.
Lucky guy.
Wait. so y'all
gonna kill us now?
Nah.
What would Halloween be
without Jamie Lee Curtis?
Or Scream be without
Neve Campbell?
That would be Scream VI.
How did you guys
pull all of this off?
Cindy!
You know how many
Wayanses there are?
Nigga. billions! Billions!
I'm just so happy that the
old gang is back together.
Okay. in the middle. on three:
Core Four.
What? Nah. nah. We... That...
That... That's corny
shit. That's wack.
Ooh. uh. w-what about...
What about. The
Young and The Restless?
Yeah. or The... or The Old
and then The Beautiful.
Or... or The... The
Cute and The Crusty.
Yeah. or The Sexy
and then The Senile.
But we were brought in
to take over the franchise!
That's right. I mean.
you guys are.
like. 70 years old!
Not in my mouth!
Aw. fuck!
I just dragged that
one from the subway.
Oh. my back hurts.
Guys. guys! They're
already dead.
Nah! Little fuckers
always come back.
Oh. no. Not this time.
Exactly. Come on.
Ray. let's go. Let's go.
Who got a match?
Got one. got one! Next
generation. my ass!
Yeah. whoo!
Sara. tell me what do to.
Blow. bitch. blow!
Yeah.
Wait. Wait. wait. wait.
wait. Should we feel bad?
I mean. those are our kids.
Fuck those kids! Yeah!
This is our franchise. Yeah!
Besides. we can do all
these dramatic walkaways
with the fire in back of us.
But. damn. it's hot.
I don't know. I kind of like it.
You do. Ray? We
should play firemen.
You wanna dress
up like a fireman?
No. I want you to
dress up like a fireman.
Y'all feel a draft?
("BIGGER THAN EVER (WE BACK)" BY
CHRIS PATRICK PLAYS) ♪ Bigger than ever ♪
♪ We back
Woo ♪
♪ Okay. okay ♪
♪ We back
We back ♪
♪ Okay. okay ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Wait on it
Put in pain for it ♪
♪ Every day
A day to train for it ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ We back
We back ♪
♪ Back like respawn ♪
♪ Respawn ♪
♪ Back like
Reversin' out the whip ♪
♪ Forward drive ♪
♪ Drive ♪
♪ Back like I'm Marty ♪
♪ Marty ♪
♪ Back like McFly ♪
♪ Double back for dinero ♪
♪ 'Cause it's back
Like I slide ♪
♪ We outside ♪
♪ We ain't never really left ♪
♪ Write ambidextrous ♪
♪ Both hands need a check ♪
♪ Whole fam need respect ♪
♪ More bands. nothing less ♪
♪ Tax season 'cause I got
The plan to collect ♪
♪ Uh ♪
♪ Look at me now ♪
♪ Now ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ My foot on the pedal
My eyes on the crown ♪
♪ Uh ♪
♪ Look at me now ♪
♪ Now ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Okay. okay ♪
♪ We back ♪
♪ Bigger than ever ♪
♪ Wait on it
Put in pain for it ♪
♪ Every day
A day to train for it ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Mm ♪
♪ Look at me now ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ My foot on the pedal ♪
♪ My eyes on the crown ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Look at me now ♪
♪ Whoo. look at me now ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back. whoo ♪
♪ Okay. okay ♪
♪ We back ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Wait on it
Put in pain for it ♪
♪ Every day
A day to train for it ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ We back ♪
♪ We on a whole 'nother level ♪
♪ Bigger than ever
We back ♪
Coming soon
to a theater near you...
Come to me...
Count Brolock.
From the studio that brought you
every Black version
of a white movie...
I am but an appetite.
nothing more.
That's not what
you said last night
when you were
sucking on my chest.
The sisters may hear you.
Too late.
You trifling sellout.
I don't know this bitch!
She's trying to get
me! This is entrapment!
-Negro ain't shit.
-Mm-hmm.
Behold the Black vampire.
Brosferatu.
Coming this Kwanzaa.
Cuckoo. Cuckoo.
Happy Birthday. A.S. Berger.
-Something isn't right here.
-Happy birthday...
He's definitely Ghostface.
Sit.
I agree. Berger.
That hand should spend
the rest of its life in prison.
That little hand. man. I mean...
Respectfully. that thing would
probably give a nice handjob.
Off the chain. guaranteed.
Tight grip.
Make your meat
look two times bigger.
Yeah.
I don't want a handjob from him.
Let me tell you that.
first and foremost.
I do not want a
handjob. Me neither.
However. when you
look at it. like a shotgun...
You're done.
Now. listen. we're
gonna hold him. okay?
Okay. It might be a day.
two weeks. I don't know.
I don't know how
long this movie is.
Like a Chris Nolan
movie with farts.
But what I want you
to do is go in there
and show him what you got.
Cock it and rock it.
Ah.
Oh!
There she is.
The birthday girl.
I brought a cake.
Make a wish.
My germs!
Finger-licking good.
Agent Berger. I'm just trying
to give you my strong hand.
No! But it's a meme.
Mr. Shorthand.
are you Ghostface?
Here we go...
Whew. that
stings. It's sort of...
Whoo.
Okay. that hurts. Stop.
Can I talk to you for a second?
Yeah. o-okay.
This table needs an airbag.
It should...
Goddamn!
Whoo!
I didn't think it
would hurt so bad.
So we got the wrong guy.
Could have told you that.
Why? 'Cause I'm psychic.
Oh. yeah!
You know. it's what...
Oh. shit!
Oh. God. that's how I feel.
Let me tell you some...
What do we do now?
Back out slowly.
Like my neighbor when I
caught him inside my wife.
Where are you guys going?
They're still together?
Unfortunately.
Ow!
Sorry. man. It's okay.
We're a throuple now.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm